week_3/8_cultural_blog.md, before:

[Week 3 Home](./)

# U1.W3: Cultural Blog: Chefs in the Kitchen

## Learning Competencies
- Consider DBC's culture and approach to learning
- Predict how you will react to DBC's approach

## Release 0: Copy your Blog Template
First, create a new HTML file for your this post in your [USERNAME].github.io website. Create a new HTML file and use the date to name it `week3_cultural_blog.html`. Copy the Code from your `blog_template`.  

## Release 1: Kitchen vs. Table
Watch [Shereef's Fireside Chat](http://vimeo.com/85001014)

## Release 2: Write your Blog!
Based on the video, what's your take on the DBC experience? What is your impression of DBC? How do you see yourself engaging with this type of culture?
Have your expectations of DBC changed? If so, how? Are you excited to participate in this kind of learning environment? Does it make you nervous? 

Talk about what came up for you and anything you want in addition to the questions above. 


## Release 3: Submission
Link to your blog on the index of your github.io site and sync your changes. 

Share your blog on the google+ community under "Blog Posts!" Read others blogs. What did you like about them?

Commit message:

push work from this week

week_3/8_cultural_blog.md, after:

[Week 3 Home](./)

# U1.W3: Cultural Blog: Chefs in the Kitchen

## Learning Competencies
- Consider DBC's culture and approach to learning
- Predict how you will react to DBC's approach

## Release 0: Copy your Blog Template
First, create a new HTML file for your this post in your [USERNAME].github.io website. Create a new HTML file and use the date to name it `week3_cultural_blog.html`. Copy the Code from your `blog_template`.  

## Release 1: Kitchen vs. Table
Watch [Shereef's Fireside Chat](http://vimeo.com/85001014)

## Release 2: Write your Blog!
Based on the video, what's your take on the DBC experience? What is your impression of DBC? How do you see yourself engaging with this type of culture?
Have your expectations of DBC changed? If so, how? Are you excited to participate in this kind of learning environment? Does it make you nervous? 

Talk about what came up for you and anything you want in addition to the questions above. 


What's my take on the DBC experience? It seems like a very exciting, albeit incredibly challenging experience. I think that it approaches teaching in a really novel way--I loved the Kitchen vs. Restaurant analogy. I grew up with the expectation that we should be working towards a kitchen model, but I've found that it's a type of model that is successful only if everyone else is playing by the same rules/have the same expectations. I'm glad to hear that DBC tries to employ it and I hope I'll be able to contribute a lot more. 

One thing that I'm a bit nervous about is the amount of time we'll dedicate to DBC...I'm glad that Shereef talked at length about it, since I was a bit concerned. I think that, overall, I'll be able to fit in alright, but I need to make sure that I really focus myself and prepare to put in the hard hours with forceful dedication. I think I also got a better sense of what it means to work in the DBC environment, and how we'll need to best gage the time we spend in order to both express ourselves while simultaneously completing challenging by the deadlines.

Hearing about the Kitchen vs. Restauarant model also influences the way in which I approach DBC. Initially I was approaching DBC with the Restaurant mindset. I had an expectation that DBC had worked out more of the kinks and, like Shereef said, it's easy for us to slip into that Restaurant mode of thinking. I now realize that working through DBC is a collaborative effort and that a good deal of onus is on me, as a student, to help contribute and improve the experience for myself and everyone else around me. Once the expectations have been communicated, though, it's a great deal easier to be mindful of how best to behave and contribute for the future =)

One final thing that I want to mention was that it was really heartening to hear Shereef talk about refactoring code and how to approach work in Phase 0. I'm still not more than 60% confident with my CSS skills, so I'm constantly working on improving my blog templates (though I haven't changed previous ones, yet). It's nice to know that it's not only common, but expected, that you read the code of others whose work you respect and really try to emulate what you like as best as possible. I've been doing that somewhat, but sometimes find myself a bit nervous that it's too close to plagiarism, so, while not trying to be too cavalier with it, I'm going to let myself read more code and incorporate more into what I'm looking to accomplish :)


## Release 3: Submission
Link to your blog on the index of your github.io site and sync your changes. 

Share your blog on the google+ community under "Blog Posts!" Read others blogs. What did you like about them?
